# 2022.04.11

## React

## 1. MPA(Multi-Page Application)

- A multi-page Application is the traditional web application where a new page is requested from the server to display when data is exchanged back and forth

## 1.1 Multi-Page Application Pros

1. Better SEO
   SEO is better on MPAs since the architecture is native to search engine crawlers. Such apps provide better control over SEO thanks to multiple pages and changing content.

## 1.2 Multi-Page Application Cons

1. Slower speed and overall performance
   With multi-page apps, a server needs to reload most resources such as HTML, CSS, and scripts with every interaction. When loading another page, the browser completely reloads page data and downloads all resources again, even components that are repeated throughout all pages such as the header and footer. This negatively affects speed and performance.

## 2. SPA(Single-Page Application)

- A SPA application is a single page that continuously interacts with the user by dynamically rewriting the current page rather than loading entire new pages from a server

## 2.1 Single Page Application Pros

1. Quick Loading Time
   The SPA site is not constantly sending requests to a server and having to wait for a response and the downloading of a new page

## 2.2 Single Page Application Cons

1. Initial Loading is Slow
   The speed issue can be viewed in two different ways. When it comes to initial loading, this process lasts much longer on single page applications as the huge JS data volumes are loaded.
2. Doesn’t Perform Well With SEO
   One of the metrics that search engines use is the number of pages a website has. However, since SPAs only load a single page, it serves as a disadvantage when ranking on search engines
