# 2022.04.22

## React

### What is Redux

Redux is an open-source JavaScript library for managing and centralizing application state. It is most commonly used with libraries such as React or Angular for building user interfaces.

Redux is a state container for JavaScript applications. Normally with React, you manage state at a component level, and pass state around via props. With Redux, the entire state of your application is managed in one immutable object. Every update to the Redux state results in a copy of sections of the state, plus the new change.

### Terminology

#### Actions

Actions are a plain JavaScript object that contains information. Actions are the only source of information for the store. Actions have a type field that tells what kind of action to perform and all other fields contain information or data.

```js
{ type: CREATE, bucket: bucket };
```

#### Action creators

An action creator is a function that returns an action.

```js
// Action Type
const CREATE = 'bucket/CREATE';

export function createBucket(bucket) {
  return { type: CREATE, bucket: bucket };
}
```

#### Reducers

A reducer is a function that takes two parameters: state and action. A reducer is immutable and always returns a copy of the entire state. A reducer typically consists of a switch statement that goes through all the possible action types.

```js
export default function reducer(state = initialState, action = {}) {
  switch (action.type) {
    case 'bucket/LOAD':
      return state;

    case 'bucket/CREATE': {
      const new_bucket_list = [...state.list, action.bucket];
      return { list: new_bucket_list };
    }

    default:
      return state;
  }
}
```

#### Store

A store is an immutable object tree in Redux. A store is a state container which holds the application’s state. Redux can have only a single store in your application. The only way to change the state inside it is to dispatch an action on it.

```js
import { createStore, combineReducers } from 'redux';
import bucket from './modules/bucket';

const rootReducer = combineReducers({ bucket });
const store = createStore(rootReducer);

export default store;
```

##### Store Methods

1. getState()
   Returns the current state tree of your application. It is equal to the last value returned by the store's reducer.

2. dispatch(action)
   Dispatches an action. This is the only way to trigger a state change.

### Dispatch

Dispatch is a method available on the store object that accepts an object which is used to update the Redux state. Usually, this object is the result of invoking an action creator.

```js
import { useDispatch } from 'react-redux';

const dispatch = useDispatch();

const addBucketList = () => {
  dispatch(createBucket(text.current.value));
};
```
